[reciting shlokas]
The
tilakam
on your forehead
doesn't sit right. Check it, dear boy.
My life isn't right either.
Lord!
Lord of the Seven Hills!
I've been worshipping you
for seven years.
But you've chosen to leave me single.
Please find me a companion, Lord.
Life has become tough.
Dyeing this beard
and living in half hunger,
I can't maintain my fitness, Lord.
Please help me find love, Lord.
What's this, Lord?
Just this. I know you'll
make my wish come true.
Lord, don't let him know
I already have a girlfriend.
Lord!
Whether I land a girl or not,
please make sure this guy doesn't.
This is my sincere request. Please!
Why did you call at this hour?
He's right next to me.
I asked you to bring Vijay to the metro.
I asked you not to.
He'll feel jealous.
-It doesn't matter. Just bring him.
-Why're you using a phone in the temple?
-Come fast!
-Okay. Call you back.
-I have to go somewhere urgently.
-I'm fasting today.
-Prasadam
is allowed.
-Come, I need you for something.
Why did he bring me here?
Why did you bring me here?
What, are you scared?
I'm not scared.
I'm just shy.
Shy? What did you do
to be so ashamed?
Can't you tell the difference
between guilt and shyness
from an achievement?
-Achievement? What have you done?
-Hey, Vijay. Look into my eyes.
-What do you see?
-Do you have pink eye?
Don't be silly!
I'm not single anymore!
Last night, Gayathri said yes
to my proposal.
I'm a lover boy!
-What!
-She fell for this guy?
-I'm feeling sick. I need to go.
-Are you disappointed?
-Why would I be disappointed?
-Gayathri's here!
-Is it?
-Yes.
Who? Who? Who?
Is it the woman
cleaning the platform there?
Or the blind woman with
the glasses over there?
Is that her? Tell me. Tell me.
Who is that lucky girl?
You seem pretty disappointed already.
Don't be shocked.
She's over there.
She's in a blue dress.
That's Gayathri!
Hey! I brought her here
to introduce you.
Hey, can you do me a favor?
Just like that skinny guy
carries Rajinikanth's movie,
can you please elevate me a bit?
-Just watch Nandamuri Thaman elevate--
-Don't do anything physical.
Hello, Ms. Gayathri.
Is your pet name Lakshmi?
Because you look graceful.
-Who are these? Your kids?
-My kids.
I have no chain right now.
-Can you call me "uncle," dear?
-Uncle!
-Balayya!
-Yeah?
I can't meet your "high" expectations,
-but Gayathri is over there.
-Who are these people then?
They're just random passersby.
-They're more your type!
-I said, over there!
There, huh?
-Gayathri, this is Vijay.
-Hi, Vijay.
She looks so awful up close.
Gayathri, do you know
how lucky you are?
Do you know how much he loves you?
He wakes up at 4:30 and
listens to the Gayathri mantra.
When asked why, he says,
"Because it has Gayathri in it."
For instance, he watches the Rajnikanth
starrer
Gayathri
every night.
When asked why, he says,
"Because it has Gayathri in it."
-Oh! So sweet!
-How's my elevation?
Even though my friend's salary
is just 30,000,
he will treat you like a queen.
-You told me it's 60,000.
-It is, in fact, 60,000, dear.
According to Narmada Raghuram...
I asked you to elevate me,
but you're trying to eliminate me.
Ruined.
It's all ruined!
Anyway, how did you two meet?
We had a crush on the same girl.
But that didn't work out.
She fell for an attendant, though.
That day...
-For an attendant?
-This idiot overreacted.
-He said I was his first love.
-Well, you are his first love.
Overall, he tried to
propose to two or three girls at school.
One even filed a police complaint
and they stripped and thrashed him.
I wanted you to praise me
but you're burying me.
Anirudh, please go back to
Chennai, dude.
Hey, hold on. Vijay, I want to know
everything about Aravind.
-In a nutshell, our guy here is...
-In a single word!
Just the summary.
Whenever he feels like drinking,
he never drinks in Ameerpet.
He drives five kilometers and only
drinks at the Erragadda wine shop.
-Do you know why?
-Why?
That wine shop's name is
Gayathri Wines.
-Dude, are you satisfied now?
-Shit!
You never told me you drink!
My goodness, drinking? If only
you saw his medical reports...
-Excuse me.
-Huh?!
Hmm. How did you like my elevation?
Why did you spill all my secrets,
like "Wiki Leaks"?
What's your intention?
Being in love means
being open and honest.
Keeping things to yourself now
may cause problems later.
Later? I'm already in trouble here.
She even has buck teeth.
Look at her.
Why are you staring at her teeth?
Okay! You've fallen in love.
Why should I come between you two?
I will step aside.
Please resolve any remaining matters.
It's alright. will see
after getting married.
-Bye, Vijay.
-Hey, Anirudh...
He's like an old crow!
And a love story!
-You only earn 30,000.
-That's just how friends are.
-Do you drink?
-They joke like that.
♪ Even AI couldn't imagine this beauty
No words can really describe it ♪
♪ Should I update my status
"Am I falling into love"? ♪
♪ Headphones seem to rest on your ears
But the music builds inside me ♪
♪ Some first love set up
Seems to be unfolding in me ♪
♪ Who is the sculptor behind this art? ♪
♪ Tell me your address,
And I'll take a selfie ♪
Good morning, sir.
How can I help you?
-Excuse me, sir.
-Wait, dear.
-What do you want, sir?
-A Benz. A Benz.
Sir, this is an Audi showroom.
Oh!
-How much is this car?
-1.8 crores, sir.
Very, very cheap.
Are there no cars worth ₹10 crores
in our company?
₹10 crores?
You'd have to pre-book that, sir.
Thanks for reminding me.
-Are you booking it, sir?
-Hmm.
-Oh, what are you booking, sir?
-A Happido ride.
Ugh!
-Good morning, everybody!
-Present, sir.
-The bank is like a temple.
-May all beings everywhere be happy.
It's a bit much. Sit down.
Excuse me, sir?
You're always late to the bank.
You could at least
be on time for the meeting.
-The meeting's also at the bank, sir!
-You dare imitate me? I'm coming to you.
You're very good at counters!
We'll get more business if you
use counters with the customers too!
I'm starting again!
The bank is a temple!
Earlier, people
stored money in the temple.
Now, they store it in a bank.
So, the customer is a dog!
Sir, the customer is god!
You heard correctly!
Customer is a dog!
Treat customers with the same affection
and respect as your beloved pets.
-Only then will our business grow.
-See?
Manufacturing defect.
So, did you reach your target?
I have to lose two kilos.
I'm not asking about your weight loss!
I'm asking about the insurance policy.
Two policies are pending, sir.
-Isn't two your target?
-Those two are pending.
A small doubt, sir.
-You said the bank is a temple. Right?
-Yes.
Temple can get donations.
There's a temple next door.
Collect the donations.
Eat
pulihora
and go home.
-Both get out.
-Okay, sir
Come, I have to tell you something.
Who's that girl?
Oh, shit! How do you know?
Do you think I didn't see you
following her desperately
like a pamphlet distributor?
Who's she? What is she doing?
What's the story?
I don't know her.
She has a big job in an Audi showroom.
-Main.
-Main?
Why are you delaying it?!
Propose to her!
I proposed to Ileana in 10th grade.
-What happened?
-Ileana?
Ileana?!
-Hey! She's coming. Go now.
-Wait!
-Ileana!
-Yes?
I love you.
I love you, too!
What happened, bro?
-She's already in love with two guys.
-Two lovers?
It was a little mix-up
from not knowing English.
Give her a love letter!
I gave one to
Mamata Kulkarni in 11th grade!
Mamata?
It was a love letter!
Don't give such silly ideas!
God, please ensure
this works out this time.
Mamata!
Two rupees.
It was the wrong place
to give the letter!
I won't repeat such mistakes.
I'll craft a master plan to win her over!
Dude!
Out of curiosity... how's the girl?
She's more beautiful than Gayathri!
Why bring up Gayathri now?
Why bring up her beauty?
Hey, I didn't say anything about
Gayathri's buck teeth.
I just said my lover is
more beautiful than Gayathri.
Wait here.
I've devised the perfect plan
to win over the Audi girl!
You saw her just today
and that too with full makeup!
Why are you in such haste?
Should I delay it for
several years like you?
One week is plenty!
It took you years to impress
someone like Gayathri with her buck teeth.
Are you giving me useless ideas?
If you dare utter pure Gayathri's
name again, you'll face my wrath!
There are three ways
to win a girl's heart!
Number one, good boys.
Helping old people cross the road,
covering beggars on the road
with blankets,
distributing
pulihora
packets to kids.
This is a time-consuming process.
Number two, show off a bad-boy attitude!
Use foul language unnecessarily.
Talk about the alpha male theory,
even if no one asked!
Such antics won't suit my image!
You need an image first!
And number three, mass boys!
-That's me.
-Do you even know what you're doing?
We went up and came down
for number two.
Mass boys... when someone harasses them
And recite Sanskrit shlokas.
If someone tries to throw acid
on a girl, step in and shield her.
Even if it's the most painful,
the results will be very fast!
If anyone passes a comment
on Purva, I'll threaten him.
Purva is not Gayathri
to be commented upon!
Revenge! Who will comment?
These are my rowdy boys!
What's up, my rowdy boys?
Hello, bro!
Tell us whom to threaten!
-No threats!
-Then, let's go!
Pass a comment on a girl I show you.
Then, I'll come in and say that
divinity blossoms where women are honored.
I'll come and hit you!
-We have to pass comments?
-Yes.
Sorry, sir. We can't do it!
What?! You are rowdies, right?
Aren't rowdies also humans, sir?
We also have families.
We have sisters.
Films portray us in a bad light.
We are not that bad.
You are rowdies! You shouldn't
have any sentiments.
We're sentimental rowdies!
We can't do it. Bye.
Let's go.
Looks like they're
Venkatesh fans! Too sentimental!
Hey! You asked about
recovery agent jobs in a bank.
Don't you want it? 101 people
are eagerly waiting for this job.
We're up for the job.
-Okay, sir.
-Alright.
I'll just make two comments.
What will you say?
That girl is absolutely gorgeous, brother!
[in unison] Yes. She's traditional.
Place the blouse piece, coconut,
and vermilion on the
thamboolam.
Why do they sound like
elderly women at an engagement?
Hey!
I'll tell you what to comment.
Round up here.
Think of me as the girl.
He, a girl?!
Just assume. Don't put me
in a trolley and leave.
Hey, girl!
-You're like a
puri!
-Don't touch!
-Hey
Chiquita!
-Not
Chiquita.
I'm Samantha!
Como estas?
Don't touch there. I'm telling you.
Come. I'll give you!
That's it!
-Is that it?
-That's all!
-Super, bro!
-Very good!
-See that old woman?
-Yeah, for now.
She'll take the girl to the washroom.
Look for the right time and begin!
Follow, follow, follow, follow, you!
Let's go check how far Purva has reached.
Who's recording there?
Hello...Hello...Hey...
Pink dress...Over.
The girl looks like a
parota!
Not
She looks like puri!
She's neither a
puri!
nor a parota
she's a
punugu!
Not a bisque cake like you?
Hey! Pig-assed fellow!
When did you see that?
-Bear.
-Were you the one who saw it?
Follow girls on Instagram.
There's nothing wrong.
Comment on Facebook.
Not a problem.
Why do you harass girls in real life?
-Bloody fool!
-Instead of harassing
Do you want me to take her to Chilkur?
Brother!
Do you know what Nandhi said?
The day a girl can happily shoot reels
on a cable bridge at midnight...
is the day we will be
truly independent.
Nandhi talked about the cable bridge?
Rohul Nandhi!
Done. Tata!
If I find out you guys
are harassing women,
you won't celebrate your next birthday!
Let's go!
I guess it's government property.
Find out if there's any damage.
-We'll pay it from the taxes.
-Let's Gpay.
-Thank you.
-It's okay!
My friend gets mad
if he sees a girl being harassed.
Because he wants to do it himself.
If you hadn't come...
-Someone would've come if you hadn't.
-Why will he come?
I'm here. Did I come?
No! I won't!
No one but him will come.
Be careful. Leave.
Wait! Wait! The pink dress looks good!
Where did you buy it?
-From Gudiya?
-Yes.
I knew it! Looks like you
got it for a 50% off! Bye!
Don't worry!
He'll take care of all the issues.
Even though the plan isn't great,
you have superb taste!
She's not the one.
It's a different girl!
-Is it?
-Yes.
When those idiots said she
was not a
puri
but a punugu,
shouldn't my brain have lit up?
It didn't. Why?
Hey, you've loved
punugulu
since childhood, right?
Why don't you say yes?
That was when I was young.
I'm an adult now!
Only burgers!
Pizzas, jalapenos, alapenos!
Salt and pepper packets must!
-She looks gorgeous.
-Hey! Go away.
-She is the one, dude.
-Amazing!
She'll never fall for you.
Why?
A handsome man like me took two years
to win over a girl like Gayathri.
It'll take you a minimum of
eight years to win this girl's heart.
Do you know when? It'll happen only after
her kids start calling you uncle!
No.
I feel like she's the one for me.
Does her mother have no job
other than giving birth to girls for you?
Every idiot says the same thing.
Look at her. She is glamorous.
What do you have?
Apart from the old Hero Honda Glamour?
Don't you think I've fans for my glamour?
You do.
-You have humor.
-I'll win her over with humor. Watch!
In your dreams!
Let's be frank.
A girl that beautiful
will definitely have a boyfriend!
You know about us men!
My token number was 12 for Gayathri.
Oh my god! Token number 12
for that blanket-faced girl!
She's Miss Amberpet.
-The station is here. Come on.
-Wait!
You made me doubt
if she has a boyfriend.
We'll check if he's really there.
I told you she has a boyfriend.
He looks like a brother between
Salman Khan and Sohail Khan.
You should just drop out!
Hey! Let's follow them home
and find out.
-They're chatting away happily.
-They could be cousins.
Would cousins laugh this much?
-They must be in-laws.
-I hope he's wrong.
Oh, Lord!
Watch over me.
Thank you! Scan, please!
Who came up with using
Royal Enfield for Happido rides?
I guess he's a nepo kid with self-respect.
-Can you give me a 5-star rating?
-Yeah. Sure.
I'll give you a ten star rating.
He's gone already.
This is the way
to my mother-in-law's home!
Go! They'll serve you
sarvapindi.
I'll go at an auspicious time.
Today is no moon day!
Purva, dear?
Come, let's eat.
Yeah! I'm coming.
Oh no! Mom!
I begged you not to do
any chores before your surgery.
Mom! The insurance got approved.
We can get your surgery done
once I arrange the remaining amount.
I've already sold four cars.
If I sell two more,
I'll get an incentive. We can use that.
Okay. Eat up.
-What's the curry?
-Mom made chickpea curry.
Oh, my Jolly Joseph!
Be careful! You might die.
What about yours?
What's he doing?
Using Bumble?
Me?
I've got liver fry from
Kumari aunty...
They gave me two extra pieces
when I mentioned your name.
What else?
Get lost!
-Okay. What's Vijay up to?
-He's focusing on his career.
Time stops while speaking to you.
Your watch isn't working?
It's a cringe joke!
Look, baby!
You're meeting my friends tomorrow,
so come clean shaved.
Don't wear a T-shirt, baby.
Your paunch is showing.
If I wear a hoody,
even my head won't show.
It's a cringe joke again.
Okay. Good night.
What are you thinking about so deeply?
It's now confirmed that Purva
doesn't have a boyfriend.
I'm thinking where to go
on our honeymoon.
You mean...
Just because no one picks her up,
you say she's single?
He may have dropped her off.
How would you know?
You idiot!
Girls without a boyfriend,
and guys not on Bumble, were never real.
-Washing face with milk...
-Where have you been?
You asked for curd right?
-Gayathri!
-Gayathri?
-Hospital!
-Hospital?
Gayathri's in the hospital?
I don't need this
Korean mask anymore.
Let's go!
Because she's so sturdy and healthy,
I didn't even get her health insurance.
She wanted to introduce me
to her friends.
That's why I was sleeping with
a face mask on.
Everyone who saw me would say,
"He's so handsome. Like a hero!"
I wanted to see the happiness in her eyes.
She's my girl!
-She's my girl...
-We know she's your girl, man!
Don't move. We may fall.
Oh no!
Are we here?
Hey, hey!
Why did you stop here?
This is a matter of life and death!
Gayathri?
You said her boyfriend might
drop her off, didn't you?
That's why I came to check
if Purva has a boyfriend.
But Gayathri? Hospital?
There! That's Gayathri Hospital.
Oh! Did you think
your Gayathri was in the hospital?
If she was in the hospital,
why would I get the news before you?
I suspected this would be a prank
when I didn't tear up earlier!
If I ever hear you utter
Gayathri's sacred name again,
I'll strangle you
in your sleep, you fool!
Hey,
coolie!
-Not you, that
-Your cousin's calling.
-I'll pay you 500 rupees per day.
-You stout Buckingham Palace!
You think
coolies
are that cheap?
Lokesh Kanagaraj's movie is also titled
Coolie.
Rajnikanth is the hero.
Let's go. This guy sounds crazy.
-Did they ask you to work as a
coolie?
-Get lost!
-Shut up!
-You should give it a try once.
-I'll say this for the last tim--
-Do you know masonry work?
2,000 rupees per day,
plus biriyani for lunch. Interested?
Get in!
-Sit in the back!
-I'll sit in the front!
-Hey! Don't bite him.
-Have you gone nuts?
Stop, you idiot.
-I'm a bank employee!
-Leave me!
I'm a freaking bank employee!
He said 2,000 rupees per day.
Isn't that more than your salary?
Why don't you give it a thought?
Ugh! I should have
cut him off in the childhood itself.
Hey! Purva!
She came alone.
-Come on, come on.
-My clothes! The
lungi,
you idiot!
I just called to check if you're
ready to initiate the payment.
If you can do it at the earliest,
we can give you some--
Hey! It's Gayathri.
Shall I hang up?
You're going to mess everything up!
I'm supposed to meet her friends today.
Hi, Bumblebee! How are you?
I'm good. Where are you?
Uh... Vijay is not feeling well.
So I brought him to a hospital.
You noisy crow.
She's brought her whole flock along!
-Which hospital? Gayathri Hospital!
-He's finished.
-Oh really?
-Hey! It's Gayathri, dude!
Oh no! What happened?
He ate chicken yesterday and
got Chicken pox.
-Tell your friends I'm sorry.
-Do it yourself.
Me? How can I tell them directly?
Like that.
Gayathri, I'll call you back. I love you.
Seems like KPHB batch.
Like the airport look,
this is a metro look.
You look like Salman Khan in this outfit!
Hey, you're kidding, right?
This is the guy you fell for?
Besides his bank job, does he
also clean septic tanks part-time?
Hey, that's enough!
You guys are just
the friends of a side character,
yet you act so high and mighty!
He's a full-fledged
side character himself!
Just imagine his attitude!
He may look like a guy who
hangs out at IMAX, reviewing movies,
but he's actually a B-grade
employee at SDFC Bank!
-It's grade B.
-B-grade? Wow!
-Gayathri. Actually, baby...
-Stop it!
-I hate you.
-I love you. I love you!
-Bumblebee! I love you.
-Please! Let's go, girls!
-Wait, dude! Hey!
-Gayathri! Gayathri!
Let them go. They'll come back.
Why are you laughing?
Have you never seen anyone in a
lungi?
Lungi
is a big part of Tamil Nadu's
culture! "Mersal" was all about it!
Their culture is to wear it, buddy.
Not walking around without it!
When did I...
Oh no!
Hey! Nothing has happened yet.
Don't jump.
Oh shit!
Hey! What are you staring at?
Turn away! It's nothing special.
Since when did you
start wearing underwear?
You need to cover it below.
Cover it below, dude!
You should cover up.
What if they take pics and upload them?
Hey! Close that.
Sit right here.
If you come in looking like this,
Purva might think I'm crazy like you!
Got it? They're selling underwear
under that tree. Buy one.
But in a larger size.
I can't stand the sight of it.
You need one, too. Take that.
Give that to him.
Excuse me.
Hi, sir.
-How can I help you?
-Audi, Audi.
Okay, sir. Please be seated.
-I'll call my executive. She'll explain.
-Thank you.
Yeah! Please
Hey! Please!
Hey! Hey!
I'll kill you my...
-Sir, where are you going?
-Khansar seal here.
You dare to stop me?
Hey! Didn't I tell you
not to come inside?
-Hey!
-Sorry, should I remove it?
-Tie it.
-Tie it?
-Hey!
-Come on.
-Anybody there?
-Don't shout, dude.
-First deal of the day is here!
-Hey, Purva's coming.
Wow! What a complexion!
Hi, sir. I'm Purva.
-Hi! I'm Vijay, SDFC Bank Manager.
-Nice to meet you.
-Okay.
-I'm Bala from Shambala.
-My friend is a special kid.
-Hi!
He's my father.
-Notice the vibration in the name Purva?
-Even the name sounds broke, dude.
Shut up, you negative fellow!
So... what's your budget?
-Is there any specific--
-Legs off!
Is this a cot to stretch out on?
Which model are you considering, sir?
Model? Uh...
She's asking which model you want.
Did you come to check her out or the car?
Q series.
-For you?
-No. For my brother.
Not him. My brother in the US.
-I heard he lost his job.
-So what?
He's making good money in distribution.
This is the latest model.
Check it out.
-It also has Wi-Fi.
-Oh, it has Wi-Fi?
What's the password?
Does it have AC?
Is it a split AC or central AC?
Do we need to fill water?
-We have a water problem, dude!
-Not in Jubilee Hills.
This is an Audi car.
It's a high-end model.
Ma'am, I know this is an Audi car.
I'm talking about
the showroom AC. It's very hot!
She might fall for me.
Don't get any closer.
She may faint.
-Would you like a test drive, sir?
-No, no, no test drives.
I guess he can't drive.
Who are you?
Are you the car and floor cleaner?
Bring us two coffees.
Please go.
-So, do you like this car?
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What's its mileage? 30 kmpl?
Is it an Ape auto to give you 30kmpl?
-It's an Audi.
-Six kmpl.
Six?! Six is my lucky number!
I like that number.
Is that per liter or half a liter?
Who measures mileage
for half a liter, sir?
Are you really here to buy a car?
Nice voice! You should insure it.
If you'd dubbed for Sai Pallavi,
Thandel
would've been a disaster.
This is making me feel confused.
It'd be helpful if you explain in live
for better understanding...
-Please come.
-Planning to flirt with her in the car?
It's nice to talk to Purva.
Please don't disturb this, dude.
Don't you remember what
you did with Gayatri?
-Do you remember?
-Yeah. I remember.
I won't do it again.
-Promise me you won't do it!
-Promise!
Don't lift the
lungi.
Miss Purva. I'm a huge Audi fan.
I wanted to gift it to my wife
after our wedding.
I earn two lakh rupees per month
as an Executive Manager at SDFC.
-Oh! That's nice.
-I don't have many expenses as I'm single.
That's why I'm here.
I recently shortlisted a flat in Bhuja.
I must ensure all kinds of
comforts for my future partner.
All my friends tell me I'm very lucky!
Just recently...
You know what an astrologer
told me recently?
That my future wife's name
would start with P.
I don't usually believe in these things,
but this time, I really want to.
Parvathi... bring two cups of coffee.
-Who is Parvathi?
-The worker.
Oh! Nice sense of humor!
I love it.
So, sir, I hope the details
are fine with you?
-Sir?
-Oh, Purva.
Your details are too detailed!
I think it is because of your sweet voice.
Even features are also very good
for this car!
-Shall we go for booking now?
-We just started talking. More details...
-Sir!
-Yeah, that's right.
What's the initial payment on this car?
What will be my discount?
Once you send me these details through
WhatsApp,
-I'll forward them to my brother.
-Okay, sure. I'll send it to you.
-Sounds good?
-Sounds good to me.
[humming]
♪ Adhi dha surprise ♪
Hey! Just because she's wearing black,
snatching my black is cringe, dude!
I'm cringiest, dude.
-Miss Purva.
-Huh!
My brother loved the color of
the car you sent him.
Oh my God!
Thank you so much, sir.
-What does your brother do abroad?
-He distributes Telugu movies there.
These days in the US,
Telugu movie distribution is booming
more than the software industry!
-What say?
-Yes, ma'am.
He made a fortune with Pulihora Films.
Animal
was recently released, right?
Its sequel, "Wild Animal," is releasing
and their ticket counters are packed.
Wow, sir.
Even with a two-lakh salary,
you stick to a simple lifestyle,
using the metro and your bike.
You're so grounded and humble.
He won't even wear socks
because he's down to earth.
Oh! Two lakhs is nothing.
Everything goes into donations.
You know something?
I can sleep on an empty stomach,
but I can never sleep without donating.
Along with blood cells and kidneys,
he even donates his sperm cells.
He is the biological father
of many children in Mayapur.
-Hey, boy! Come here.
-Brother?
Are you from Mayapur?
Look here.
Look at this guy.
They share a strong resemblance.
In the next ten years,
Mayapur will become like Korea.
Everyone will look alike,
just like him.
Sir. So, your brother
liked the car, didn't he?
Why the formalities?
Call me Vijay.
Okay. Vijay!
So, Vijay! The initial payment
is just five lakhs.
Oh! Five lakhs?
Yeah! And in two weeks,
your car will be delivered.
Two weeks?
Nice! Nice!
We'll pay within a week.
-Planning for another car?
-No, no.
Do you see that guy?
He borrowed five lakhs from me
last week, saying it was urgent.
I wanted to ask him, but he's my friend.
So, I'm hesitant to ask.
I haven't even told my brother about this.
But I'll figure out the right time
to get the money from him this week.
As soon as I get the money,
I'll make the payment.
Okay. No problem.
I have now confirmed that she's single!
Once we're settled in love,
we can go abroad--
A strong coffee with regular sugar.
-Hey! The smoke is good.
-Hey, why are you wasting the cigarette?
It's tough to quit smoking
and drinking while on this job.
You can go home and
return in the gap.
Kalyani, sit down.
I'll be back in two minutes.
Why are you wasting a cigarette, sir?
Our job--
Hey, Vijay, you're falling behind.
How did you know
I was after that girl, sir?
Hey, I'm not talking about girls.
I'm talking about your job performance.
Hey!
-I'm still going to give you a chance.
-Please, sir.
We received an inquiry for
a ten lakh policy.
I'm sending you
the details on WhatsApp.
You both go and get it.
-Done.
-Okay, sir.
Why would anyone
take a policy during a wedding?
They probably want the groom to get one.
They're killing people
with life insurance.
-Huh?!
-Women!
She doesn't answer my call.
But this stupid girl asks me to come.
I feel too shy to attend functions.
[
Love story
song playing]
Is it my fault that I was born beautiful?
How do I tell these girls
I'm no longer single?
-Such a headache.
-Not all ladies.
You saved one at the metro station
with a fake setup.
[
Love story
song continues]
Hey, when I closed my eyes,
I saw Purva.
You close your eyes.
Maybe you'll see Gayathri!
She must be sleeping at this hour!
Wake her up,
and then close your eyes!
Has she arrived?
The doors will open on the left, dude.
The next station is Miyapur.
Because of your girl
my imagination got wrecked.
Anyway, get off the train carefully.
-Hi! Well-choreographed, the dance.
-Hi.
Hi, sir. Do you remember me?
-Remember...
-You saved me on the metro that day.
Not just saving.
He's the one who set it up.
I mean, he settled the
scores with goons for you.
It's my social responsibility.
Not just you.
Even if it were his girlfriend Gayathri,
I'd have done the same.
-Hello, sir. I'm Harini.
-Oh! You're Harini?
-You danced really well!
-Thank you.
Is Sai Pallavi a distant relative
of yours?
The dance and grace were quite alike.
What do you say?
I thought so. Nice.
Why are you being so formal?
Just call me Harini.
Okay, Harini.
I have shortlisted
three policies for you.
If you pay me one lakh
and complete the application,
I'll get your policy approved
in three days.
-Give me a week.
-Taking another policy?
Not really.
She is my friend.
She needed one lakh rupees
and I gave it to her.
She's my friend, right?
Asking for it back is not easy.
My dialogue...?
I asked her just now. She said she'll
return it to me in a couple of days.
Okay. Should be fine.
Let's do one thing.
I'll give you the application.
If you can fill out the application
and visit the bank tomorrow,
you can pay once you receive the money
and we'll open the account. Okay?
-Okay.
-Done.
-Give us a five-star rating.
-Alright, see you tomorrow.
Why is she repeating
what I said to Purva?
She's not a fraud like you, dude.
From tomorrow, stop chasing Purva
and start chasing this girl.
At least you'll get a policy.
Why are you linking my
personal life to my professional life?
That's exactly what you're doing.
-Our friendship is now
jattu peace!
-What does that even mean?
It means you'll never
have peace again.
-Hi.
-Hi, Come sit.
-Sign here.
-Okay!
-Will this policy cover everything?
-Yes, it will.
-Accident?
-Yes, you'll get insurance.
-Suicide?
-Do it tomorrow.
I'll give it to your mother
the day after tomorrow.
It's SDFC bank, after all.
We are very fast.
Heartbreak?
This will cover heart attacks as well.
Not heart attack.
Heartbreak.
We don't provide insurance
for heartbreaks at all.
If we did, we'd all be doomed.
Thank you.
-You'll have your policy in a week. Relax.
-Thank you. Bye.
Hey, Purva?
-Why're you standing in the hot sun?
-Sir?
Your skin will be tanned like him.
Come, I'll drop you.
-No, no. It's okay, sir.
-Hey, come.
Get off.
Take this bag.
-You come. Come on!
-It's okay, sir. I'll...
Hey! I can't balance on one side.
-Put legs on both sides.
-Let me hold it for you.
Don't disturb me for one hour.
-Don't be jealous, dude!
-Put this in between.
Trust Happidos but not desperados.
Go home and cook some rice.
I'll see you there.
-I don't understand a single word.
-We only know coffee.
-How much for the coffee?
-It's two fifty rupees, sir.
Two cups for fifty rupees?
Bring me two.
Hello!
Not two for fifty.
It's two hundred and fifty per cup.
-Yes, sir.
-Then make it a one-by-two cup.
Sorry, sir.
-We don't offer one-by-two servings.
-You don't?
-Get lost!
-I'll order later.
I didn't come with him.
-Pick one of these two fingers.
-Why?
Should I say "I love you"
after telling the truth?
Or should I tell the truth
after saying "I love you"?
Whatever you say,
tell the truth, dude.
Because girls like boys
who admit their mistakes
more than those who brag.
She's coming. Be careful.
They said, "Speak a thousand truths
and break a marriage." He's finished.
-Hi. Purva.
-Hi!
-Take your seat.
-Thank you.
-Hey, Kenya!
-Sir?
Come.
-Coffee here is so good. I like it.
-Yes, sir.
Two cups of coffee.
Sir, we don't offer
one-by-two servings here.
One is 250 rupees.
Fixed price.
Hey... do I look like someone
who drinks a one-by-two cup?
Two cups of coffee.
Two cups and two saucers. Bring! Get lost!
Kenya!
Purva!
Why do you seem so dull?
Are you hungry?
Shall I order some snacks?
Vijay, I have been following up
with you for two weeks now.
You're talking about
everything except the car.
Don't think I'm pressuring you.
I've got my own commitments
based on your purchase.
If you tell me clearly when
you'll buy the car, I'll plan accordingly.
Actually, Purva...
you can lie a thousand times
to get married, as per our elders.
But the problem here is that we must
tell many lies in the name of love.
-I don't like lying.
-Excuse me, sir.
This good-for-nothing guy
drops at the right time!
Purva, I saw you on the train fifteen
days ago, I fell for you instantly.
I feared that
if I came and proposed,
you would say,
"Sorry, brother, I'm committed."
I told a small lie about
purchasing a car and stuff like that.
Are you even human?
How dare you mess with a girl's job?
Aren't you ashamed?
-Let's sit and--
-Stop it.
If I hadn't asked you today,
you would've kept me chasing you.
Don't you have common sense?
You have a job too.
How could you cheat someone?
You are a fraud!
Alright. Let us sit and talk.
Two minutes.
Had you been in my place,
you would've understood my pain.
-Game over!
-I'm honest.
That's why
I told the truth.
Did everyone watch what just happened now?
Why all this drama, dude?
That's why they say your prayers are
in vain when your respect is in the drain.
I will buy that Audi, dude.
I will deposit five lakhs this month,
pay sixty lakhs in six months,
and buy Audi, dude.
-I will buy it from her showroom.
-Sir!
Your bill, sir?
It comes up to five hundred.
You're ripping me off by
five hundred rupees.
Can't you even put sugar in the coffee?
Add another four hundred
and give it to me.
Keep this as a tip.
-I'll pay the bill.
-Okay, sir.
-Oh my god, not her again!
-Thank you, sir.
She's been nagging me about
the deposit for fifteen days now!
I'll handle her today.
Just wait. Come on.
Always with the dancing.
Don't her parents have
anything to say about that?
Hey, I'll be back in a minute.
Hey!
Let's sit over there and talk.
Let's go.
Why do you seem dull, Vijay?
Harini...
we have been following up with you
about the policy for several weeks.
But instead of discussing the policy,
you're gossiping about everything else,
like an old woman at the market.
Please don't get me wrong
when I say it like this.
It's because we have
some targets to meet.
We also have pressures from above.
If you tell me when you'll pay,
I can plan accordingly.
So please understand.
Having come this far,
I don't want to hide it anymore, Vijay.
My friend applied for
a housing loan at your bank.
Okay.
After making her run around
the bank for four months...
they rejected the loan
at the last minute.
-Did you get it?
-If they had told her this sooner,
-things would have gone smoother.
-Right!
To ensure that your staff
understood that pain,
all of our friends approached
your bank manager.
But...
I didn't expect you to show up.
Didn't expect?
Are you even a woman?
You've turned two decent young men
with jobs into idiots, haven't you?
-It's not like that.
-Shut up.
You told us only because we asked.
Or else?
You would have kept us
running around you like puppies.
Oh my!
We should never trust these
Gen Z girls.
-If you are... in my...
-Place... property?
If you are in my property...
you'll know my pain.
Vijay...
Hey, V...
-Come on, dude.
-Towel!
Put towel. Keep her warm.
What happened?
Why are you so sad?
I'll get the treatment done
when I have the money.
Come on.
Let's have some food.
I never thought he'd trick me, Mom.
Purva!
Knock, knock.
All good?
Hey!
I'm more handsome than you.
-Skin tone is a little better.
-I've got a better salary than you.
Even then, Gayatri fell for you.
But Purva rejected me.
I don't think you're crying
because the girl scolded you.
It's like you are jealous of me.
-Hey!
-Sir.
Hey, Pakodi.
Give me two Balayya special bottles.
Okay, sir.
And two leg pieces fried in
Mahesh Babu brand oil.
And two bottles of water
with self-confidence in every drop.
-Take this.
-Hey, you can pay later.
We'll be drunk later.
What if they dupe us?
-Get going, Pakodi.
-Okay.
Your aggressiveness suggests
that's my money.
-You're such a cheat.
-Come on. Out with it.
Hello, Srujana!
Did you eat?
Hello?
Hey, Srujana?
-You, Srujana!
-Go away, you!
Did you eat at all?
I'm boozing because of her.
Never drank like this.
Is it Harini?
-No! It's Purva.
-Oh, sorry.
Wait. Let me mix some water.
Roamed around so much for her.
How could she cheat us?
-Purva?
-Harini!
Sorry, sorry!
Usually, girls fall for a guy's looks
or his wealth.
But I've come to realize.
They also fall for stupidity.
-Don't mind me asking. Harini or Purva?
-Gayathri, dude.
-Gayathri?
-She fell for you.
Just like switching metro trains
at the Ameerpet station,
why do you bring up Gayathri
for every damn topic in the world?
How is Harini telling me
the same things I tell Purva?
It's because you both are cheaters.
The frequency might have matched.
Actually, Harini is the right person
to you.
Like eaters club,
you can start a cheaters club.
-Have you eaten or not? Tell me.
-She will eat.
Or if she'll die.
-Get lost!
-I think this guy is single, Srujana.
Bro!
What's your problem, bro?
♪ Johnny Johnny, yes Papa ♪
♪ Everyone’s paired up except me ♪
♪ I’m a fool number one ♪
♪ Choosing love was clearly a mistake ♪
♪ What sort of karma is this?
They say "come" and mean "go" ♪
♪ Life’s totally messed up now ♪
♪ Life's been reduced to a curry leaf ♪
Hey, stop it!
Why's this so slow, like a tuk-tuk?
I just sobered up.
Speed up the beat, bro.
Hey. What're you looking at?
Start playing!
♪ Single life’s out of ink ♪
♪ No smiles or sweet talks left ♪
♪ I'm sick of this solo game ♪
♪ Now my drinking glass is
My only friend ♪
It's been a while since I drunk-danced.
Please wait two minutes.
♪ Looking back, what a mess ♪
♪ Coffee shop bills are a big loss ♪
♪ Heartless girls are
Just showcase dolls ♪
♪ For someone like me who trusted them
They're just a prank ♪
♪ Oh god, their drama
Feels like a knife-less faction scene ♪
♪ Today's Lailas stress even a Majnu ♪
♪ L-O-V-E is such a joke ♪
♪ Poor guy, this bachelor Baahubali ♪
Stop it, guys!
My drink is my companion.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
You were upset that you had
coffee thrown in your face.
You were sad that the
stink never went away.
You are back at it! Why?
You took me to the
bar to forget everything.
Then, you haven't forgotten.
I forgot that it happened yesterday.
That's why I'm back afresh!
Why did you get me here?
Hey! Yesterday, it was almost
conveyed that I love Purva.
If she takes it seriously, it means
she doesn't have feelings.
If she goes away without saying
anything, she could have some feelings.
And if she doesn't have any feelings?
I'll create the feelings, Zimbabwe!
So, I'll have to endure this torture...
for a while now.
Purva! Purva!
-Hey, don't walk on the tracks.
-What?
-Sorry, Purva.
Hey!
It's wrong of us to raise your hopes
of buying a car and then do that.
He was the one who gave the idea.
I'd told him. Buddy...
women need their incentive earnings
to fulfill many responsibilities.
Do you know what he said, Purva?
What responsibilities do women have,
besides Korean skincare
products, manicure, and pedicure?
He was dismissive in his comments.
That's why I got him to apologize to you.
Say sorry.
-In the Telugu language, I--
-Shut up! Say you're sorry!
Sorry.
Hey, say, "Sorry, sister."
Sorry, sister. I'm a Lannister.
Huh! Idiot!
You touched the dupatta?
Even I haven't touched it.
We're Lannisters, buddy.
-Is she convinced?
-No way! She was scolding you!
Can you fall at her feet?
I'll plan something else.
-Are you mad? The train is here.
-Please, bro, help me.
Even though I scolded him a lot,
he still came to the station.
We shouldn't let go of such guys, Purva.
We should hand them over to the police.
I know someone in the SHE team.
Shall we complain?
SHE team?
It's not a good idea.
I know a gang. I'll get them
to the metro station tomorrow.
He'll try to talk to you as usual.
Don't talk. Just scream.
The gang will think it's a case of
eve teasing and bash him! That works.
You are right!
Once they are beaten up,
they won't bother you again.
Don't worry.
We'll take care of it tomorrow.
Hey, Purva!
I sent you two emojis yesterday.
There's only one tick.
Don't think you saw it.
I think the internet is not on.
Switch it on.
The profile photo was beautiful.
I look at it every morning.
Excuse me, sir.
I think she has blocked you.
Why?
Block? What did I do to deserve
being blocked?
-Why are you crying?
-Will you stop torturing me?
-Stop talking to me.
-Don't cry. Don't cry.
Let's talk and solve.
Why are you crying?
Hey!
Why's the girl crying?
She is my friend.
-Who is he, dude?
-They are public, brother!
They're defending the girl.
Don't lie.
You're clearly harassing her.
We are friends since
Happy Days!
Don't you know English?
You may ask her.
Is he your friend?
I don't know, sir.
She's saying no.
How's the expression?
You're pan-world, bro.
Hit him!
KENYA...KOREA...
The emotion worked.
Increase the dose.
Harder!
I'm unable to bear!
Are we supposed to bend just the steel?
Please save me!
Hey, someone's hitting me for real!
It's hurting me. Take it slow.
Before we could hit him,
the public started hitting him, man.
What do we do, then?
If we don't beat them,
they'll ask for a refund.
-Then, let's beat them up! Hey, come.
-Let's get going.
-Hey, get out of the way.
-Hey, move.
Hey, why are you hitting?
Punches! I'm losing my grip!
These guys are hitting us for real!
Hey, hold him tightly.
My shoulder is slipping, man!
Stop it, guys!
Along with our guys,
the public will also join them!
You're now on a pan-universe level.
What's this?
Wait up!
They're hitting.
Hurt me as much as you want to.
Look at my friend there.
Please don't hit him.
-Get him!
-Careful with his back. He's got piles.
Hey, stop!
Yeah, that's my stop.
That's my stop. Stop!
Sir...Sir...Sir...
He's got piles. Hit him hard.
-Hold him tight.
-Hit him hard.
From behind.
-Come out.
-Oh my!
Did I act well?
-Emotion worked out well.
-What about my job?
-Confirm.
-Sure?
Come to the office in an hour.
The emotion has worked out!
-Have you seen how they beat me up?
-It's alright, the plan worked.
-Hey! One strong Coffee.
-Okay, sir.
If the emotion works out in a love story,
it's a blockbuster, man.
-Hey, Aravind!
-Who is that?
Sir. Is that you?
Sir...Sorry, sir.
Namaskaram,
sir.
Greetings, sir.
Who are these guys?
They look like street rowdies.
You asked for recovery
agents for the bank. Right?
I got great candidates.
Give them a job.
Oh no!
These fellows?
Alright, what is your
educational background?
Sir, keep the qualifications aside.
They are my best friends.
Give them the job.
Educational background is all fine.
But you said they are your friends.
So, no job. Leave!
I said get out, man.
Let's leave, guys!
Irresponsible!
-Who did this?
-They hit me.
-Was it him?
-Yes.
-Hey! Boar, come here.
-He's calling us.
Did you beat up both of them?
Yes. I beat them up.
-I bashed them with these hands.
-Then take a hug!
He smells like horse shit.
I must give you a gift.
No. I don't want the watch.
I just need the job.
I'll give you the job as well.
This is for puncturing their face.
Go! The job is not inside.
It's outside!
Okay? All set.
-Bro! Thank you bro.
-Congratulations, my boys.
Come on, let's have a party.
What should we drink? Ten orange teas.
-Excuse me!
-Yes, ma'am.
-I'm looking for Mr. Vijay.
-How may I help you?
-Vijay sir, a girl is here to meet you.
-Okay.
You guys sit there for a while.
Hey, it might be Purva.
The emotion worked, right?
Maybe she'll say sorry and kiss me.
If that situation arises,
please leave, dude. Please.
-A kiss?
-Yes.
That too for you?
Gosh!
Why is she entering every single time?
Hail Lord Rama!
-Why are you here?
-I came here to apologize.
She wants me to apologize?
Do you see the level she has
stooped to?
Maybe you couldn't hear
due to the beatings!
She wants to say sorry.
She said she's here to get an apology.
It's a grammar mistake, dude.
You carry on, dear.
What I did was wrong.
Forgive me.
I'm really sorry.
I don't want to hear your apologies.
Get out!
What should I do to make you
accept my apology?
Take the policy.
I don't have the amount.
Don't you have money?
Just leave, then.
What are these scars?
My foot slipped while training
the agents in Kung Fu.
I got away with a minor injury.
They are undergoing surgery.
-How's their condition?
-They went to Guruvareddy.
Okay. Okay.
You can leave now.
One hit from me, and you'll be
an egg paratha.
I feel for her.
You are going overboard.
She's doing exactly what
you did to Purva.
Think of it from her perspective.
Did Harini do the same to me
as I did to Purva?
I thought from her perspective.
I'm right!
Hey! That doesn't
mean standing in her place--
I don't know if I'm explaining it
poorly or if he's just not convinced.
Karma!
Hi, girls! What's up?
Hey! The setup of the guys
who hit him was also his.
He did that to gain sympathy.
What planning!
He's disturbing me a lot.
I don't know how to get rid of him.
Just him? You also love him.
What are you talking about, Rishi?
He's been acting so far.
It's your turn now.
You act and make him
fall in love with you.
Use him as much as possible.
-How's the idea?
-It's a nice idea.
Take him shopping and to the movies.
He'll run away after a point!
Listen to me.
He won't be able to handle it.
Hi.
It looks like you are
searching for something.
I'm searching for you.
Oh, no! What's this for?
Do you want to get me beaten again?
This is too much.
What do you have to lose
by calling me your friend?
I'm so sorry, Vijay.
Did you get hurt badly?
It's okay.
It looks like everyone on the
train is frustrated.
They bashed mercilessly, Purva.
The hospital bill came to 30,000 rupees.
They said it'll take about three months
after physiotherapy. I'm clueless now!
I'm very sorry, Vijay.
It's okay.
I came up with many acts to woo you.
God wrote a different act
and gave me this return gift.
Oh my!
It's my fate.
-Did you get hurt here?
-All over here.
-I'm so sorry.
-Close to my heart.
-Here?
-It feels so good now.
I'm feeling hungry,
as I'm taking antibiotics.
Can we have coffee, snacks, or biscuits?
Bye, Vijay.
Purva, say something.
What do you say?
Cold coffee?
Bullet coffee?
Butterflies!
Butterflies are moving in my body.
-Butterfly, butterfly, where are...
-What an actor!
Wait, I'll show you.
♪ Love, desire, passion ♪
♪ You switched the track of my life ♪
♪ Thoughts of you, day and night ♪
♪ You've triggered a storm in my mind ♪
♪ Your vibe, like Wi-Fi
Surrounds me completely ♪
♪ Like tiny toys everywhere
No matter where I look, it's you I see ♪
♪ Love you 24/7
Love you. You're my heaven ♪
♪ You're the one who brought
That tremble in my heart ♪
♪ Love you 24/7
Love you through hell and heaven ♪
♪ I don't need a reason
To love you ♪
♪ Love, desire, passion
You switched the track of my life ♪
It's already 11:30 now.
Hey! What are you
doing here at this time?
My scooty isn't starting.
Okay, hop on.
I'll drop you off.
I'll only come if you accept my apology.
I'll punch you in the face.
Come and get on.
Okay. Accepted.
Get on.
Say it with a smile.
Will you get on?
I accept your apology.
Come.
Instead of driving so seriously,
why not smile a little?
If you don't smile now...
Don't move! We may fall.
I'm ticklish.
-Oh really?
-Hey... Hey... I'm sensitive.
♪ When you smile and tease
What do they even call that? ♪
♪ This joy... it feels so wonderful ♪
♪ When the weather hugs me
And say "welcome" ♪
♪ This feeling only grows deeper ♪
♪ I walk through these empty roads ♪
♪ But my mind rewinds
Stuck in thoughts of you ♪
♪ Love you 24/7
Love you. You're my heaven ♪
♪ You're the one who brought
That tremble in my heart ♪
♪ Love you 24/7
Love you through hell and heaven ♪
♪ I don't need a reason
To love you ♪
♪ Love, desire, passion ♪
♪ You switched the track of my life ♪
♪ Thoughts of you, day and night
You've triggered a storm in my mind ♪
♪ Your vibe, like Wi-Fi
Surrounds me completely ♪
You have a flower
sitting right in front of you.
Why do you need another
flower in your hand, you silly?
Thank you.
It isn't just normal love
for humans to comprehend.
It's pure like fire.
I'm in love.
Hi, Purva!
Happy...
birthday.
Oh no! Happy...
Valentine's Day, Purva.
A flower for you.
A pink flower for a pink girl.
-Hi.
-Pink Lips--
Hey, Purva.
-Happy Valentine's Day.
-Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Wow!
Aren't the ducks so beautifully white?
What's a good honeymoon destination
after getting married?
Snowy places?
Mountains and hills?
Beaches?
What is it, Vijay?
Why are you looking up?
Valentine's Day.
When Valentine's Day comes,
it's not just me,
but all the singles like me
also wake up early that day
and look at the sky like this
for fifteen or twenty minutes.
It's because this day reminds us that
we don't have anyone.
Do you even know what singles do
when Valentine's Day comes?
After staring at the sky like that,
they come back,
they have a full breakfast and
start watching
Premikula Roju
on TV.
We have a good lunch in the afternoon
and watch
Manmadhudu.
But only the first half.
Not the second half.
because, you know,
he hates women and love. Right?
After that, we take a small
power nap and wake up at four.
After waking up, we swiftly enter
some lovely parks and
thoroughly check them.
Because that's where all these
lovebirds come, right?
So, if there's any movement
in the bushes in that park...
we used to pick up stones and hit them.
Then, we would go to the theater.
We would always book corner seats
even if the entire hall was vacant.
If any lovers came,
we used to tease and annoy them.
Do you know that the forwarded
messages on Valentine's Day
made me cry and drive me crazy?
No one else knows how often we cried
except our blankets and pillows.
Unable to bear that pain, by evening,
we would get completely drunk.
We would watch
Salaar,
fold our lungis, and go to bed.
So, at a time when we singles thought
that no girls would ever enter
our lives again,
a beautiful girl like you came
and proposed "I love you" to me
on Valentine's Day.
I honestly don't even know
how to describe this feeling, Purva!
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you, Purva.
Thank you for loving me.
This is an auspicious day.
So, this is the first time.
It's the first time for me.
-Hug me and make me breathless, dear.
-No, dear. I have to go now.
-Go?
-Our manager has changed.
I have to attend a meeting.
You know we'll plan something special.
Okay?
Bye!
Bye.
See you.
Have a good day.
Yeah!
God exists.
Lord Rama exists.
Allah exists.
Holy Jesus also exists.
Hey, youngsters. Don't roll
in the bushes for long.
-Your skin may get rashes.
-Sir, sir!
This fell down, sir.
-Hey! Thank you.
-I saw you there. You spoke well, sir.
-Who are you?
-We are singles, sir.
Don't be discouraged that you're single.
Don't worry that your age is increasing.
Don't get agitated that you're
getting grey hair.
Having baldness on top and a
belly below isn't a big problem.
You must keep trying.
If you keep trying,
our Valentine will come
right before our eyes for us one day.
If our efforts are sincere, why just one?
We might even get two.
-Vijay...
-Who's that?
Hey, Gen Z kid.
What are you doing here?
Oh! It's Valentine's Day.
Right?
Wearing a red T-shirt, you've brought a
red flower and a red box,
which means you teen types have
no control over yourselves today.
Who, who, who is that crazy guy?
Tell me, tell me, please!
Is it that guy selling peanuts over there?
Or else
Is it that guy over there plucking and
eating leaves from the tree?
Tell me. Tell me. Even your height
matches perfectly with that guy.
Tell me. Tell me. Tell me.
-Who, who, who is that red flower?
-It's you!
Hey, stop joking.
Did you have a pint in the morning?
Get lost!
I love you, Vijay.
Are you out of your mind?
Don't you get it when I say?
I don't have any such feelings for you.
-I do.
-Hey...
-I don't have feelings!
-We do have.
Brother, we are just friends, brother.
I'm in a high-ranking position at the
bank. What do you even know about me?
Do you hear that?
They're just friends.
Hey, don't we know about
what you guys do here?
True, brother.
Don't we know what
you guys do in parks?
I've never come to this park.
-We are lovers!
-Hey! What do you mean?
-You crazy? They'll get us married
-Hey!
That girl says you both are lovers, right?
-We are just friends, brother.
-Brother, give me a minute.
Look at this.
Who's this for?
My girlfriend gave it to me
and just left.
As it's Valentine's Day...
Another girlfriend?
Hey! Another girlfriend?
What the hell?
Brother, we loved
each other so sincerely.
Didn't you say
I was your sweetie and cutie?
Brother, he gave me so many kisses!
Brother, if you have poison,
give it to me.
-I'm going to drink it here and die.
-Hey, come here.
Come here.
I said come here!
You go there.
Tie it.
-Jai Bhagavan!
-Tie it.
-[crowd] Jai Bhagavan!
-Please!
-Tie it.
Jai Bhagavan! Jai Bhagavan!
Oh dear almighty!
[crowd] Jai Bhagavan!
Oh my!
It was a good thing I acted like
I fainted due to heatstroke.
Otherwise, those marriage bureau boys...
would've married me
to Harini by now, man.
When they were saying "tie the knot,"
why is she bending her neck
and saying, "Tie it"?
Is that a shoe lace?
I don't understand where this
society is headed.
Which park did they go to?
Are they still there?
-Indira Park. They are still there.
-Okay. Why do I care?
Why are you taking the phone out?
Anyway, the nuptial chain
is also sponsored.
If I take Gayathri there, at least
I can save on wedding expenses.
We should head
in the same direction as society.
Get lost.
Society, he says!
As if he's some bigshot, he's telling us
we should align with society.
He's overacting.
-Hello.
-Sir, there's a girl here to see you.
-Who is it?
-Some Harini, it seems.
Harini?
Looks like the girl is here.
Come on, let's go and discuss.
Why get me involved in this?
-You are my only friend.
-I'm turning into a sidekick.
It's okay, you still got a full length.
-Hi.
-Why are you shaking hands with her?
-Why did you come?
-What have you thought about my love?
Hey!
This, this...
All this is dust.
Beauty is not permanent.
Love is permanent.
Six months ago, I gave that kind of love
to a girl named Purva.
I know why you love me so much.
That day at the metro station, you were
impressed by my fighting style, right?
To be frank,
had it been anyone else
in that situation,
even Gayathri, my friend's
girlfriend, I would've done the same.
Because...
that's my self-respect.
Not self-respect. Values.
That's what I meant.
Of mistake.
Even by mistake,
you won't forget to mention Gayathri.
I spoke out of emotion.
Emotion? You wanted privacy, right?
Have your privacy.
I'm out of here.
Hear to me.
It's not "hear to me".
It's "listen to me".
What a fate!
Why are you laughing?
Making that funny noise.
-You saved me?
-Yes.
You thought I didn’t know
that you had hired those rowdies.
How did she know?
Shall I tell you another shocking news?
Purva isn't in love with you.
She has been pretending to love you.
Hey!
Since you can't have me,
are you trying to separate us
with a random story?
I don't believe you.
Believe it or not, it's your choice.
If not today, you will know
the truth tomorrow.
Whatever!
Oh no, I didn't say 'send nudes',
I said 'send address'.
By mistake, it came out that way.
Sorry. I'll call you back.
Why are you so frustrated?
Enjoying the love triangle, are you?
This girl is saying
random things about Purva.
-Crazy girl. She is killing me.
-Forget about Harini.
What are your plans for Purva?
I am already going mad
with what Harini told me.
Should we booze?
Purva!
-Hello!
-Hi, Vijay.
Hi.
I am free this evening.
Where shall we go?
Yes, yes. Where shall we go?
Shall we go to a pub?
Pub?
Let's go.
For sure, but which one?
-Carpe Diem...
-Oh, Carpe Diem, definitely.
I go there frequently.
Okay, bye, see you.
Bye.
Dude! Are you going to a pub?
In the evening, I am going
to a pub with Purva.
I will dance with Purva at the pub.
Wow.
-That's the surprise!
-The entry fee will be 5000 rupees.
If you have drinks there, then
your bill will be 20,000 rupees.
Do you think I can't even spend
25000 for my love?
Just yesterday,
I applied for a personal loan.
-Applied for a personal loan?
-Yes.
I will shake the pub
with my dance moves.
Oh! Ladies are smoking.
-Hello, sir.
-How much is the entry fee?
-3000, sir.
-Very cheap.
Why did that Aravind say
the entry fee is 10,000 rupees? Whatever.
Okay, do you have a girlfriend?
-No, sir.
-So sad.
I have a girlfriend.
-Oh!
-She is coming now.
We both will dance.
-Do you play Balayya's songs?
-Yes, sir.
Oh wow, that's fantastic,
fantastic, fantastic.
-Hi!
-Hi.
Why is she bringing her brigade?
-Hi, bros!
-Hello!
-These are...?
-My friends. Do you have any problem?
No problem, no problem.
It's okay.
I know women in Hyderabad drink,
but oh my god,
the bill might explode!
Look at them knocking back shots!
Even I can't drink them.
It burns!
Forty beers and twenty shots,
oh my god!
My ears are throbbing, oh my god!
What are these noises?
♪ This gold is old
Didn't you buy new? ♪
♪ It's old
I didn't buy anything new ♪
Hello kiddo...
What are you doing?
On Valentine's Day.
Having fun with your girlfriend,
I suppose.
Having a candlelight dinner?
Because of a beggar,
she's at her place and I am at mine,
enjoying Valentine's Day.
Why so?
I gave you space
so that you guys could enjoy.
And I am roaming outside.
Aren't you enjoying?
I don't need your sympathy,
tell me what you want.
Nothing much.
I thought she would
come alone to the pub.
But she brought 20 others.
I'm scared just seeing them drink.
You opted for a personal loan, right?
Even a home loan wouldn't cover
what they're drinking.
Send me 50,000 rupees.
Just to save 10,000, you left
your childhood friend behind.
In the US, they'd call you
a potential immigrant.
-In China, they will call you a parasite.
-Hello? Hello?
I know you can hear me.
In Korea, they'd call you a psycho.
-Love you kiddo!
-In India, you are a bloody fool!
I just took a shot.
Now, if I go and do that
Adhi Dha Surprisu
step with Purva...
I'm coming. I'm coming.
Coming with snake dance.
Hey! Hey!
You damn fools!
Why are you taking me--
Leave me, guys.
They're like buffaloes.
Did they drink and get high?
Oh my!
How is she so strong?
The sense of touch isn't working at all.
What's with them?
Hey, move aside.
He's escaped. Yeah!
Hey! Have you gone nuts?
What are you thinking about me?
Why are you torturing me?
I wanted to dance with you
for two minutes.
Why me?
Am I Icon Star Allu Arjun?
-Then, love me and I will teach you.
-Hey!
These legs don't bend.
Look, I have to
bend so much to talk to you.
Our heights don't match.
Love, is it?
Love should come from here.
That already happened to me with Purva.
If I marry you...
See, girl.
I'll have to bend down and walk,
all my life.
Bend down.
Height isn't important,
only love is important.
Don't you see the love in my eyes?
Not love, I only see
exhaustion from lack of sleep. Take rest.
Don't you see
that she's cheating you?
If she really loves you,
would she bring so many people along?
You'll come to know
when you pay the bill.
Why do you care?
I'll pay it, get lost.
-Bro! What a party, bro!
-Hey!
Wait, why don't you
have two more drinks?
-We haven't danced yet.
-We have danced already.
I haven't gotten high yet.
-Bill?
-We got high and enjoyed it a lot.
No, I haven't gotten into the vibe yet.
Party yours. Bill yours.
Congratulations, bro.
-Bye, bro.
-Thanks, Vijay. Bye.
One lakh rupees?
No sir, 99,999 only.
You're overdoing it, man.
One lakh rupee bill?
With one lakh, I could eat
from Swiggy for a whole year.
What do I do?
Like a wild boar directly running
into a hunter's jeep,
he walked right into it, lover boy!
I'm coming.
Sir, smile.
Closely. Lively.
Made for each other.
Kiss each other.
Come on. Come on.
Wonderful. Wonderful.
Wow!
-You! Delete them first.
-Are the young couple enjoying
on Valentine's Day?
Is this a secret?
Nothing like that.
All that's fine. I need 50,000.
What! I don't have 50,000.
You don't? Alright, I'm leaving.
I'll post this on Insta
and tag ma'am.
Why are you creating a scene like this?
This card's limit is 50,000.
Okay. Leave.
Hey, please delete those photos.
I'll delete it after emailing it
to myself. In case I need it later.
This little one said she'd leave me alone
if I visited the temple.
What is she going to say at the temple?
Let's settle this today.
Sir. Sir! Please come.
-Why don't you buy a lamp?
-I don't believe in all this.
Dear, I don't think you know
about this temple.
If you light a lamp
and pray at this temple,
all your wishes will be granted.
Then, why don't you light a lamp
and pray for good fortune?
Tell these stories to Saxis Bank
employees, not SDFC employees.
Is it Karthika Deepam?
I should use this to hit on the head.
Hey, Vijay.
Light a lamp in this temple,
and your wishes come true, you know?
Who told you this?
The guy sitting outside the temple?
Even if you don't believe, I do.
That's why I lit the lamp
for love to be successful.
This one, right?
Oh my god!
I didn't pray for my love,
I prayed for the success
of your love story.
Why would I pray for your love?
I prayed for my love
and that I'd get you to light the lamp.
And I did it!
So my love will be a success!
Thanks my god.
How dare you make me
light a lamp for your love story?
You are a psycho. Are you mad?
Why did you call me at all?
Every Tuesday, Purva
comes to this temple.
Purva?
If she sees us like this, she's going
to avoid you totally.
Look at me and
how I came trusting you.
Vijay?
Do you also come to this temple?
I sometimes come here for the
prasad.
Who is this girl?
Client.
I'm clearing her doubts
about a policy she took.
Purva! Did you know?
If you light a lamp in this temple,
all your wishes will come true.
-Is it, Vijay?
-Yes.
-Then, can you bring me a lamp?
-Sure, I'll bring it right away.
Wait here, you'll get tanned
from the light of these lamps.
You won't get tanned.
Here he comes.
Give me a lamp.
I don't sell to non-believers.
Hey! I was just joking a while ago.
Give me one.
From today, I don't sell lamps.
I'll light all the lamps
and become a millionaire.
Take this 100 rupees, stop talking
and give me the lamp.
Not 100, each diya is now 1000.
It is only ten rupees, right?
That is for Saxis Bank employees.
For SDFC employees it's 1000 rupees.
-Hand me the matchbox.
-Pay 500 rupees.
-Even for SDFC Bank employees?
-Yes.
Okay, I'll see you when you come
to our bank for a home loan.
-I'm letting you go because it's a temple.
-I'll also see.
Wow, what did you wish for, Purva?
-If you say it out loud, it won't happen.
-Right.
It looks like she wished
to get married to me.
Come on. Come on.
It's Karthika Deepam's time.
Hmm. Hmm.
Be careful.
Please, little one.
That's it!
As it's a temple,
I'm walking with my head bowed.
I'll give it back to her.
Shit! Even after
my love is set,
I can't enjoy it
because of this Harini.
How?
Is it the same way
you're torturing me?
That's nothing.
Hey!
Purva calling!
-Hello, Purva!
-Vijay...
Can we go for a movie?
One second, Purva.
Dude!
Purva is on the line. She is asking
me out for a movie.
Today we are going to enjoy
in the corner seats.
He's screwed.
-Yes Purva!
-Pushpa 2,
Vijay.
-Sure we'll go, Purva.
-Tell him 20 members are coming.
-Yeah, tell him.
-Tell him.
My twenty friends are also joining.
-So, we'll have fun.
-Ask for recliner seats.
-Twenty friends?
-Yes, is there a problem, Vijay?
Nothing, nothing.
Can you send their Ids?
Okay, we'll meet at the theatre.
Yeah. See you soon.
-Bye.
Hey! You, me and Purva are watching
Pushpa 2
in the evening.
Should I waste my time,
while you have fun with Purva?
I'm not a side-kick.
Then we'll do one thing.
We can take Gayathri along.
-Gayathri hasn't met Purva, right?
-You're right.
I haven't been able to take her out
because of this torture.
She'll also feel happy.
Let me ask her once.
-Hello, Gayathri!
-Yes, baby.
-Shall we go for
Pushpa 2--
-We'll go.
-Yes, she'll come.
-She will.
-Book twenty tickets quickly.
-Okay!
You liar! I should've known when
you dragged Gayathri into this plan.
I don't have the money to book.
Do whatever you want.
-You don't have the money?
-No.
Sounds like a big problem.
-This time a diamond ring--
-Oh!
I saw everything ...
How can you enter my cabin,
without my permission?
Are you wearing clothes, sir?
-Can we look?
-Open your eyes, man.
Nothing happened here, man.
Sir, it's an emergency.
What's the emergency?
I'm bleeding inside.
Heavy emergency.
What?
We need the OTP sir.
Which OTP?
BMS OTP, sir.
You'll receive a four-digit
code to your phone.
Is this Aha OTP?
To send it whenever you feel like it?
No, sir, not that OTP.
It's your bank OTP. Please send it.
-It's not going to happen.
-Sir, we are in love.
You know everything, sir.
Expenses are increasing.
Since you two young
lovebirds are in love,
we'll understand and
keep your secrets to ourselves.
If you help us with a big heart,
Congratulations, Kalyani.
Why are you congratulating her?
Didn't you tell him?
She is pregnant, sir.
Pregnancy?
Why didn't you tell me?
How can she tell, sir?
You are the one who made her pregnant.
They feel feverish when they imagine it.
Hey! I'll share the OTP on WhatsApp,
you go now.
-Okay, sir. Okay, sir.
-Get out.
Name the child after me.
Kalyani!
I didn't do anything.
Sir, gender reveal party!
Hey! I'll send it.
I'm not feeling good about this.
Just yesterday we made a bill
for one lakh at the pub.
-The brigade is already here.
-Don't worry. Listen to me.
-Got it?
-Hey, Purva.
-Hi, all!
-Hi, bro.
You didn't bring your friends?
I don't have a gang of friends like you.
I only have one friend,
he's as good as a gang.
She is his girlfriend.
-She is my girlfriend.
-Yes, his girlfriend. Girlfriend!
-Hi! Hi!
-Hello!
You're all Purva's friends.
So you can order anything you want.
-They also have pancakes?
-Yes, for you.
You should go and sit on the stove.
I'll pay for the money.
Because you are all Purva's friends,
you're like my friends, too.
Go. Go.
Yeah!
Thank you, bro.
Go, go, you pig.
My shirt's getting messed up, leave.
Oh my god! 450 rupees for one combo?
Purva, you want something
special like ice cream with nuts?
-I'll just get a coke.
-Cool drinks are not good for health.
As a manager if I think like this,
how can someone who works under me
afford this with his family?
-Can you get me a bottle of water?
-Okay, sir.
Find out who this is?
Hey!
You!
What are you doing here?
We came to watch a movie.
Wait a moment I've got a message.
What? 18000?!
Did Kalyani not come with you, sir?
Kalyani? Who is Kalyani?
-Who is she, sir? Your neighbor?
-She's my wife...
-Oh gosh!
-Who is Kalyani?
Just shut up.
Kalyani is a boy, not a girl.
My friend, Kalyani Priyadarshan.
-He's from Kerala.
-He's a good actor.
Her dance is graceful.
-He is not an actor. Director.
-Right. Her father. Good director.
-Really?
-You're a very good couple.
That is not she. He.
Sir...Sir...at least, have some popcorn.
Ma'am, you didn't take anything.
At least, have popcorn.
-She'll not eat outside.
-It's on the house.
You won't buy and won't let others buy.
What is your problem if he pays?
-Thank you.
-You don't know them fully, dear.
Please come.
Please increase the limit, sir.
-The money isn't enough.
-Okay, bye.
Bye.
Purva you might slip, be careful.
Go slowly dear.
Yeah, Rishi.
Even I thought the same.
Popcorn?
I'll give it to you later.
You need it now? Take it.
Why are you sitting there,
we'll sit here.
Someone else reserved it.
It's just the next seat, right?
Let's tell them to leave, come on.
-I'm so excited!
-This is the first time
we're coming to a movie with girlfriends.
You look like
Rashmika from the side.
God! He is irritating me.
What's the perfume?
Chanel?
Yeah!
-Yay!
-The jealous master has come out again.
Icon star!
I can happily romance with
my girlfriend now.
Do you think this is a theater?
Or Kuyo room?
Watch the movie first.
-Sir, this is my seat.
-Let's go to corner seats after interval.
That part. That part.
We're all couples.
So can you go back and sit please?
Because "Feelings" songs is coming.
And we want to feel with our couples.
Hello!
Hey!
Will you get up, or do you want me to
call the staff?
How's she following me everywhere?
Thank god you didn't
call the cops.
-Move.
-Move?
-Excuse me. Your--
-Yeah, thank you.
Hi, again.
What?
-Just like that.
-You idiot!
-Movie is playing over there.
-Yeah. Yeah.
Dirty face! If I get crazy...
Purva. I can't remember
the second half in part one.
Hey, I remember that.
Should I tell you?
♪ Your looks have become
As pricey as gold ♪
I need to pee. Let's go.
Over there.
Confirm? Okay!
Purva...Just say it.
What is it, dude?
What's with her calling the staff?
I can't even watch the movie peacefully.
Come on, let's get two Dil pasand.
-Get it.
-Get lost!
What is it, dear?
Did you come for surgery?
No. Knee implant surgery is finished.
The doctor asked us to come
for a follow-up every two weeks.
I, too, need the same surgery.
I feel sad to spend
ten lakhs for surgery at this age.
Don't you have insurance, ma'am?
The insurance covers five lakhs.
I have to arrange the remaining
five lakhs myself.
-Excuse me.
-Yes, ma'am.
Could you please explain this bill to me?
Yeah. Give me a second.
-They charged ten lakhs, ma'am.
-No.
But my insurance covers only five lakh.
One second. I'll check.
No, ma'am.
Vijay, an SDFC executive,
upgraded your insurance
policy to ten lakhs.
-Vijay?
-Yes, ma'am.
Happy birthday to...
Gayathri!
Happy birthday to Gayathri.
-Happy birthday...
-What're you doing, dude?
Someone's spying on me.
That shorty is coming to know about
everything I'm doing with Purva.
What's that?
It's a bug detector.
Have you seen this in
Dhruva
movie?
Who would invest so much on you?
You can't trust
the technology these days.
They could do anything.
Watch it.
You!
-What about me?
-Tripod.
This will remain turned on.
Let me know if you doubt something.
It'll sound the signals.
I need to meet Purva.
-Where to?
-To the park.
-Which one?
-Botanical.
Happy birthday to Gayathri.
Manager's card is with him. Okay.
Harini, he just left to meet Purva
at the Botanical Garden. Roger that. Over.
Copy. Over.
Sure. I'm leaving then.
Make the most of it, okay?
Why?
Since childhood...
A... Aravind!
I thought
you were a good person like Allu Aravind.
I'm a good guy only, dude.
But I didn't expect you to be
Aravind Swami from
Dhruva
movie.
-Listen to--
-Shut up!
I expected someone to bug me. But...
I couldn't guess all this was
because of you, bloody burger!
Can I get you a burger from
Vac's pastries? Heard it's good.
Shut up!
They mention pigeons and parrots
in the history, but...
none mentioned a crow like you!
Tell me. Tell me!
Tell me. Why did you do this?
Tell me!
Leave me.
Wait! Wait! Wait!
Whoever wrote Aurangazeb was great
in the books are people like you.
Die, you idiot!
-Tell me!
-Har har mahadev!
-Get lost!
-Hey!
Hey, wait!
Aravind, wait!
This is the best.
My knee got hurt.
Hi!
I'm beautiful.
Wish my husband leaves early today.
She's happy with her phone.
There's no need for the husband.
I heard someone else is coming home
after I leave for office.
Don't suspect without proof.
Because of you, the gas and milkmen
stopped coming this way.
So? Will you invite
just about anyone inside the house?
You stopped thinking about me.
Who's this guy? How dare he
enter the house when I'm right here?
What's he searching for?
Am I caught?
Come! Come!
Come out!
Did you hide another under the bed?
Hey! Hey!
I have no clue who this is either, dear.
-Where?
-Stop.
Harini is gold! Don't miss her.
You said you didn't know him?
But he's certifying you as gold?
-Is your wife's name too, Harini?
-Yes.
-Never knew that.
-You morons! Who the hell are you?
Wait!
I'm just the Superman. Batman
is under the bed in the Gotham City.
-Batman?
-You ruined everything.
-Hey! Wait!
-I'll choke you to death!
Hey! Stop there!
Hey! Stop!
Stop you pirate of the Caribbean!
I cannot. I'm man on the fire.
How dare you mess with
my Game of Thrones? Stop.
-Winter is coming, dude.
-Hey!
Shut up and stop.
-Oh my!
-I'm throwing the knife.
With his hit, I will be done for the day.
Better if I escape to Mirzapur.
Where the hell are you, Aravind?
Come outside.
Gayathri is in the hospital
with loose motions.
Yes?
Have you seen a crazy guy
in an underwear?
-No, bro.
-Serve the needy. Always!
He'll take care.
-Sorry, sister. Sorry.
-God bless you, my child.
♪ This gold is old
Didn't you buy new? ♪
-Bro.
-Harini.
-What's Vijay wearing?
You've no clue what dress I'm wearing.
Hang up now.
My life is at risk because of you.
What's wrong, bro?
Hello?
You're right here.
Huh?
I'm sparing you
because you're wearing a mum's dress.
-Not mum but Nun.
-Shut up!
You're hurting me.
Who is Harini? Isn't she
your Dad's illegitimate daughter?
You thought the guy is handsome
and earns well.
So you decided
to get me married to her, right?
Hey, stop it!
I'm okay with you
hitting me for what I did.
But don't use the same reason to give
yourself imaginary value. You have none.
-Who the hell is Harini, then?
-Hey, stop it.
Harini is to Gayathri like you're to me.
Remember I introduced you to Gayathri
at the metro station?
It was intended for Harini to meet you.
But that day, you saw Purva.
She was confused how to approach you
and asked me for help
and Gayathri pushed me.
She blackmailed saying
love is greater than friendship.
See Aravind. Vijay must forget Purva.
Or I'll be forgetting you.
-Do you want that?
-No.
We were plotting new plans
to bring you and Harini close.
We aren't that intelligent.
So we just copied yours.
We didn't even give credit to you.
You know the crazy episode after that.
Yeah. Okay.
Our bond of friendship...
You've killed it with pesticide.
You seem ignorant of plantology.
Pesticides help plants grow.
They won't kill them.
Hey!
Purva asked me to come.
-Don't tell me.
-I'm going.
Find out where Harini is.
I'll see her end today.
God bless you, my child!
Why did you hide this from me?
Did she find out about Harini?
Actually... Purva...
Harini pretended that
she came to me for a policy.
I only found out that
she loved me on Valentine's Day.
Even I didn't understand
how to tell you that.
Because she always
used to say about you,
that your love for me isn't genuine,
that it's fake,
that you're deliberately making me
spend money on you.
She told me a lot of such things.
Even I didn't understand
how to tell you such things.
That's why I kept all this from you.
Otherwise, I had no
intention of hiding it, Purva.
Hey...
don't feel bad.
Oh, no!
Why are you crying?
-Vijay...
-Yes.
What Harini said is true.
Until now, I've only
acted like I loved you.
Even though I tortured you so much,
you continued to love me.
Despite helping so much
with my mom's surgery,
you never mentioned that to me.
From that day onwards,
I truly started loving you.
-I'm so sorry.
-Oh no!
-I love you, Vijay.
-Don't cry! Thank you.
Stop crying first.
I can't see you like that.
Please. I can't bear to watch girls cry.
Smile.
-Hello?
-Vijay, I found out where Harini is.
-Where is she?
-She's near Naresh Steel Shop.
Send me the address.
She's done for today.
She's a good girl.
Be a little careful with her.
Send me the location. I'll go
to her home and deal with her.
Cut the call now.
Harini... in this house...
Mr. Murthy...
Our friendship is an example
of age not mattering in friendship.
A bar is one of the few places
where we can be ourselves.
That's why friendships formed there
are so deeply rooted.
He's a typical middle-class person
who calculates current and
future hardships to live.
That's why he hates debt or owing
even a single rupee to anyone.
Hey, Vijay!
What kind of crazy moves
are you performing?
Come on!
What's up, boy?
Tell me now.
Guruji, you haven't paid your EMI
for six months.
How long can I manage this?
Usually, the file goes to
the collection agent
after five months of unpaid EMIs.
So, did you pay those
five months of EMI?
So I don't have to pay
for another five months. Right?
On this happy occasion,
drink whatever you want today.
I'm taking care of the whole bill.
Why are you kidding me?
I paid by taking a personal loan.
The bridegroom's family is coming to
see the girl tomorrow.
As soon as that is over,
I'll bring my daughter's jewelry
and mortgage it at your bank
and start paying EMIs.
-Do you have a lover?
-I'm single, sir.
Huh?!
You are single?
I knew it when you started
drinking with me every day.
I knew you were a single goofball guy.
Stop here.
Go home happily.
Good night.
Boss...Boss...
Careful, boss.
It's alright.
I love you!
Booze breath!
-Good night.
He even took a personal loan for me
and paid our EMIs.
As soon as our land is sold, I will get
your gold from the mortgage
and return it to you.
Oh, don't worry, Dad.
First, you return the due amount to him.
Tell him I told him thanks.
Love you, Dad.
-Hello, Guru.
-Hey, Vijay.
-Where are you?
-Over here.
Hey!
I'm coming. Hold on.
Hey! Don't come here.
-I'm coming to you.
-Alright.
Watch your back, boss!
What is it?
Behind you!
What are you saying?
What?
I'm coming. Stay right there.
You know my dad. Don't you?
After my father passed away,
the prospective match
left me saying
my horoscope was not good.
A few days later,
you came to our house.
Sir's housing insurance is still active.
Starting this month,
you don't have to pay the EMI.
Here's my visiting card.
Please feel free to ask
if you need anything.
See you.
I didn't have the courage to
directly propose to you, Vijay.
Sorry for troubling you, Vijay.
♪ Each step I take
Wants to move forward ♪
Vijay? What happened?
He won't reduce the rate
but he wants rating. Dirty guy!
What are you thinking
so much about?
Poor Harini.
I feel pity for her
when I think about her.
You and Gayathri should
convince Harini and change her mind.
Please, dude.
♪ Yet something pulls me back
Like the past ♪
♪ This moment feels hollow ♪
♪ A strange unrest fills my heart ♪
♪ My soul forgets what stability means ♪
♪ Is this really me?
I seem unfamiliar, even to myself ♪
♪ Though I'm surrounded by light
I feel like darkness ♪
♪ On one side, there's love within me
On the other, love directed at me ♪
♪ No matter the side, there's no answer
Only silence remains ♪
♪ A soul left all alone ♪
♪ Time surges in chaos ♪
♪ And life lingers as a question ♪
Where have you been?
I called you several times.
Vijay?
What's wrong? You aren't answering calls.
Nor are you replying to messages.
Any problem?
Actually, Purva...
I need to tell you something.
I was shocked to find out
Harini is Mr. Murthy's daughter.
I, too, hold a responsibility towards
Mr. Murthy's family.
So?
What about us, Vijay?
Yes, Purva...
Whenever I think about you...
I can only remember Harini's family.
But that's wrong.
It's difficult for a girl to
generate love for a guy.
We have no issues between us.
But we are in this situation now.
More than me being in your life...
you being in her life is correct.
After knowing all this,
even if you're with me,
I don't think our relationship
would remain the same.
Bye, Vijay.
I came eagerly as soon as you
called me. I don't understand anything.
My head is about to explode.
-If this is correct--
-Hey!
Don't think too much about it, buddy.
I'm begging you.
Purva's chapter is closed.
A new chapter has begun.
Harini is madly in love with you, dude.
Why is she calling you here?
It's definitely to propose.
Accept it right away.
Please.
-Who's this?
-I think he's the trainer, dude.
Girls are hanging out
with their trainers these days.
If she gets us to meet,
we'll join his class.
She'll get the training for free.
A pyramid scheme.
What are you looking at, man?
-Hi.
-Hi, Harini.
Hi. Who is he?
Your Pilates trainer?
No, no. He's not.
Brother?
No, you don't look alike. Cousins...?
Uncle's son...?
You know that a match came for me.
He is that same guy.
When my parents fixed my marriage
with Harini, I was thrilled.
I had to go to the US urgently for work
at that time.
That's why I asked my parents to go
and talk to them personally.
Before I returned from the US,
I learned that Harini's father
died in an accident.
At the same time,
my parents canceled the wedding.
I was distraught, man.
I can understand.
She must be very sad.
I can't ask about marriage at that time.
So I waited until she became normal
and thought I'd express my love.
By then, she had already
started loving you.
-However, I saw you liking...
-Chasing.
-That's what. I saw him.
-Watch out! Don't fall.
That's why I started getting closer to her
without hiding my feelings.
It took me a long time to forget you.
But Nitin understood my situation and
gave me space.
You used to say that
life is better with those who love us
than those we love, right?
-He used to say this.
-He says a lot of quotes like this.
Anyway, thank you, Vijay.
-The date of our wedding is locked.
-Oh!
That's why I brought
Nitin to introduce him to you.
Nice to meet you, actually.
Don't forget to invite us
when you marry Purva.
But you'll be in the US.
Our day is your night.
You may be disturbed.
-But congratulations.
-Thank you.
-You, too, wish her.
-Thank... Thank...
Don't thank her.
Bless her happy married life.
-Bless.
-Poor guy, he zoned out.
-Poor thing...
-Why does everyone zone me out?
Hey! Listen to me.
-Shall we go near Purva? I'll talk.
-What for?
Actually...
Let's call her, at least.
We may sort it out.
I have already called her
a hundred times and
texted her fifty times shamelessly.
You did? What did she say?
-She blocked me.
-Block?
I met Purva because I was confused
and went to ask for a solution
to what would be best.
But she told me Harini is right for me
and asked me to move on.
And this shorty.
She brought some random guy and
said she had found her life and true love.
She blabbered something
and asked me to move on.
Which can only mean...
Is moving on that easy?
Maybe for the girls.
It's really hard for us.
I'm unable to take it.
Maybe that's why,
As soon as there's a love failure,
the boys grow beards,
get drunk and blackout on the roads.
That means...You...
Oh no!
Don't worry.
I won't get drunk like that...
-Or like in that movie son of...
-Surya son of Krishnan.
Just like how he took it all in!
Or become
like Bharat in
Premisthe
I won't go that far.
I'm mature enough.
-I can deal with my life.
-No, buddy...
are you going to
remain single now?
-Is being single a crime?
-Actually...
People's star Mr R Narayana Murthy
is single
Our Bollywood star
Sallu Bhai, too, is single.
Even pan-India star Prabhas is single.
Is that clear?
I'll remain single, just like them.
Hey, bring two full bottles here.
Hey. You just said
you won't drink. What's this?
Those aren't for me but you.
-Why would I need two full bottles?
-Drink them and forget Gayathri.
Alright.
Why should I forget Gayathri?
-She'll commit suicide.
-Don't panic so much, bro.
They won't kill themselves.
They'll kill us.
I know.
So... You used to
make fun of Gayathri, right?
I have those videos of the jokes
you made with me,
teasing their mom and dad.
I saved all those secretly
and sent them to Gayathri.
That buck-toothed one must have
already watched by now.
Because she is very eager, you know?
By now, she would have
even gotten ready
and would be on her way to stab you.
That's why we don't need
any of this fuss with women.
Single life is the best for us.
Brother, three full bottles, please.
-Why three?
-With the third one, I'll forget you too.
Why'd you forget me, dude?
Am I your lover to forget me?
I'm your bestie, dude.
I've heard this bullshit before.
I'd give my life.
[
Geethanjali
song playing]
Huh?!
Love couple!
I hate seeing them.
Vijay.
Vijay!
Have you seen Vijay here?
Resembling a member of
the Cheddi Gang...
Why are you wrapped in rugs
in the middle of summer?
What's with the booze? The song? Stones?
Bombs? They even included cash here.
Hey.
Do you know why the crows caw?
They mean to say these bonds, love,
girls, money are not permanent.
That's why they caw.
You may not see them right.
These are not crows. Pigeons.
And Pigeons don't caw.
They coo.
Do you know why the Pigeons coo?
When a guy falls for a girl,
indicating his life is done for
they coo.
Purva is getting married today.
-What do you want me to do?
-So you'll sacrifice Harini,
and also Purva. Are you planning
to become a sacrifice star?
-How, then?
-Marry Purva and become a family star.
I won't, dude.
You need not do a thing.
Come to the wedding hall with me,
give a look like Venkatesh Babu
sitting in front of Purva.
She'll leave everything behind,
run towards you in slow motion
she'll hug you, saying,
"I love you, Vijay!"
That's how
your love story climax is going to be.
It's nice to hear.
But I don't follow such regular climaxes.
Only the movies
with regular climaxes are doing well.
My cult fans are not going to accept this.
Your cult fans will welcome you on OTT!
Let's go for now.
[
Geethanjali
song fades]
Hey!
Who the heck is this
syrupy pancake guy?
Is there any connection
between his size and sound?
Who are you guys?
Why are you heading that way?
Which side are you on?
We're from the bride's side.
-What about you?
-I'm from the co-bride's side.
-And you?
-Lucky Baskhar!
-Whose side are you on?
-Pitapuram MLA!
You asked us to
deliver this dialogue, right?
Come here for a security check.
There's nothing, just the purse.
Do you think you're special?
Come here.
A little slow. If you touch it
you won't get up till Sankranti.
Why are you wrapped in rugs
in the middle of summer?
-That's why I'm not wearing an underwear.
-Enough.
There's Purva!
Hey! Hey!
[chants Lord Vishnu's 24 names]
Vijay!
[
Geethanjali
song playing]
Vijay!
Did you come for me?
Hug me!
Hey! Blessings, blessings!
I'm just 35 years old, you know.
Hey! What are you doing?
I had a dream.
But everything is just the way you said.
-Did you have a dream?
-Yes.
I improvised in reality!
Now, look at my supervision skills!
Come.
Act a little dull.
You sit here.
Hey! Give the look like Venkatesh Babu.
Not Marthand K Venkatesh!
Victory Venkatesh!
[humming
Raja
movie's music]
O precious!
He's crying orphan.
Please bring the flowers.
Get her to change the saree.
We're running out of time.
Stay dull.
Head down!
-She's gone.
-Gone?
-You...
-But she doesn't know about Harini.
You should give her the clarity
about her wedding.
Damn!
Until then, his love is all yours.
-Go and give this to the uncle in a rug.
-She's giving him a note.
She's saying something.
Come fast.
Brother, the bride gave you a letter.
-Give it to me!
-Is it a love letter?
I'll hand it over only if you
give me a fair reward.
I didn't get change. There's no wallet.
I forgot to wear a pant.
-All UPI payments are accepted!
-Huh?!
Heck, with this syrupy pancake guy!
-It's done! Give me the letter!
-Here. Take it.
It's in Telugu, dude!
Drum beats and...
Just watch it and leave
This guy is myopic!
Have a wholesome meal and leave.
She is asking us not to disturb her.
[
Geethanjali
song playing]
Don't worry, bro.
If not here, we can go elsewhere.
I'll look after it.
I said I wouldn't come,
but you brought me anyway.
-My reputation is completely ruined.
-Let's leave now.
Brother, the money was not
credited to my account. Please check.
Money won't be credited, dude.
That's just a screenshot.
-Is it just a screenshot?
-Yes, you...
Rounded Crucible!
Leave now.
[humming a song]
Excuse me.
Yes?
Oh my god, a bear!
Sorry, sir. We thought you
were the groom.
Hey!
I'm the groom.
Are you guys janitors here?
The bathrooms have been
stinking for a while.
-No.
-No. No, sir.
-I'm Vijay...
-Devarakonda?
No. Anaconda. Do you need that now?
I've got to tell you something urgently.
-Tell me.
-The girl you are marrying and me...
Oh! Is that you?
Why are you laughing, you bear?
My stomach is paining!
How did she even love you?
I know! She told me.
You guys roamed together,
loved each other, metro...
I slept while listening to it.
Poo tells me everything.
-Poo...?
-Purva.
I call her Poo.
My name is Surendra.
She calls me Su.
Let's not go deep into the details.
You knew he loved her.
Why did you still marry her?
You could have sacrificed.
Actually, I love secondhand!
My elder brother gave me
this watch.
My brother-in-law got me these shoes.
I got my secondhand car through OLX.
I agreed to marry her
after coming to know you loved her.
You're the one who made
our marriage possible.
Thank you.
I'm getting late for muhurtham.
Eat and leave.
What kind of character are you?!
Aha!
Not worse than
you in
Solo brathuke so better.
-Hey!
-What?
Silly fellows!
Who's this guy?
He looks like someone who puts
bowl cleaner tablets in Sulabh toilets.
Harini!
White saree!
Is the husband no more?
There was an earthquake
in Bangkok.
He might have gone
to a bachelor party. There...
What is this?
Why are such things happening today?
That, too, at such a tender age!
Harini.
Don't feel sad that your husband died.
He'll tie you the nuptial knot
in this hall.
He'll turn this white saree
into a wedding saree.
Swear on me.
Tie the nuptial knot.
Hey! Whose husband is dead?
What about this dress, then?
Did their husbands also
go to Bangkok as well?
-Hey Harini...
-It's dance time! Let's head out.
Oh! Sorry.
It's the dress code.
-Wait! Purva loved you, right?
-Yes.
But why is she marrying him?
Have you heard the song
"A cuckoo hastily sang first..."
You weren't born at the time.
He's that cuckoo.
Didn't you get it?
Take off both your footwear...
That's you.
This is Purva.
The bata showroom guys
gifted him two sandals.
He loves this sandal.
That sandal loves him.
He kicked this sandal out
of pity for the other.
This sandal didn't know about it.
It searched for another leg
and went that way.
Since that sandal went away,
they went in search
of this sandal.
It fell in Surendra septic tank.
It won't come back.
He lost both the sandals.
Now, he's roaming around
without footwear.
Lower the lungi. Have you forgotten
you're not wearing underwear?
That's the situation.
Sorry, Vijay.
You will get a better girl
than the both of us.
All the best!
Put on your sandals,
you're already short.
Don't send your husband to Bangkok.
Hey!
Happy flying!
I'm sorry, dude.
Condolences
Aravind? Where have you gone
leaving me? Hey!
Gosh! I need to pee.
[sings
Bulli Guvva
song]
Ladies?
You are...?
Vijay, right?
What're you doing here?
What's with the clothes?
Would anyone dress up like this
for a wedding?
For the jolts I received by my exes,
I should be running
with ice cubes in my pants.
-But this is a lungi.
-You did not change at all.
It's me.
The daughter of xerox shop Rama Rao.
You proposed to me during intermediate.
Don't you remember me?
Err... Mamath...Kulak...
-Are you... single?
-I'm born single.
-But there's no time to mingle.
-Don't say that, Vijay.
-I'm right here.
-I just had a break-up.
You watch the sunrise.
I want to search my peace!
Aravind!
Vijay!
Did you recognize me?
You said "I love you" to
me in 10th standard.
When I said, "I love you, too",
you cried and went away.
What happened to you
after that moment?
Ileana?
Where are your husbands?
I'm single. What about you?
I've had enough. Please leave me!
-Hey! What are you doing here?
-What happened now?
It looks like
my exes are here for a reunion!
They're appearing one after the other
and jolting me.
-Who all?
-10th class Ileana! Look!
-The 10th class girl!
-Yes!
Look there!
Intermediate. Xerox shop.
Mamtha Kulkarni.
Happiness won't stay long in your life.
Rahu and Ketu are
playing football with you!
My life is nothing short of
an electrocuted crow.
I want detox.
I want love detox!
No emotions on girls!
[
Prema
song playing]
[
Prema
song playing]